This bagel's as hard
as a hockey puck.
Then don't eat it.
Used to be a full
breakfast service.
They're trying to starve us.
You're worried
about the food?
(SIGHING) No,
I'm worried about what
the food represents.
I've got seven scenes
to shoot today on half
of what we used to spend.
We're going through
a recession.
It is what it is.
Yeah, but nobody's
gonna bai| us out.
Free content everywhere,
DVD sales in the toilet,
now the back-office
bean counters are
vetoing half my ideas.
So we can kind of make it
about the performances.
You okay?
Bit of a headache.
If you need
an ibuprofen...
I need you to put
your game face on,
right?
Screw the bagels,
screw the sets,
screw the wardrobe.
You have any idea
how lucky we are?
We get to do
something we like,
we get to touch
people's lives, and
we get paid for it.
Let's make a movie.
Hey, baby.
All right.
Roll camera.
And
acﬂon.
(GROANING)
RICK: What's wrong?
(GROANING) My eyes.
They feel like
they're exploding.
All right. Turn off
the damn light.
Get an ambulance. Now!
We're gonna be
late for work.
Then we'll be late.
You took a patient's life.
You lied about it for weeks,
you broke who knows
how many laws and
oaths to cover it up,
but I can live with it.
We can get
through it together.
(SIGHING)
You have no idea what
I've been living with,
and what it means
to hear you say that.
But we need to get away
from Princeton-Plainsboro.
You can barely walk
by the rooms where
Dibala was treated.
Why should we live
with that hanging
over our heads?
If there was ever
a time to turn the page...
Three-month-old with fever,
incessant drooling,
and chronic muscle weakness.
Or porn actor Hank Hardwick,
born Henry Lefkowitz,
totally clean workup,
collapsed on the job
with extreme photophobia.
Or an infant as limp
as a rag doll.
Yeah. Let's wait till
Chase and Cameron get here.
l have the feeling
they'll have the good sense
to side with me.
Doesn't matter
who they side with,
I'm still in charge.
We're taking the
limp three-month-old.
Oh, good, you paged
the limpness specialist.
This envelope is oddly
medical-licensed shaped.
Congratulations.
House is back in charge.
We get to treat a porn star.
Congratulations.
Perfect timing for us.
We're leaving the team
and the hospital,
effective immediately.
It's kind of sudden.
Unless you've been
circulating your
resumes for a while.
We're just starting
to think about newjobs,
where we want to live.
Moving, too.
Interesting.
Are you sure about this?
Yes.
We'll miss you.
We'll miss all of you, too.
We'll start clearing
out our things.
HOUSE:
Run an STD panel
and a tox screen,
send a C-reactive protein
to look for inflammation
and an ANA to screen
for autoimmune.
The rest of you take
a history and do an LP to rule
out viral encephalitis.
Oh, it's just you.
Here's hoping you're
good at multitasking.
I get tested
for STDs regularly,
so does everyone
I work with.
Since I'm guessing
you don't take
their word for it...
All right. I'm gonna need you
to lie on your side and put
your knees to your chest.
Any history of alcohol
or substance abuse?
My wife used to smoke
a little pot, but I
never touch the stuff.
You're married?
Happily.
Two years now.
She happy you do porn?
Very.
Since she does it, too.
You ever get jealous
when your wife's working?
It's a job.
Once you start
letting your work life
rule your home life,
especially if you're in
the same line of work, your
relationship's gonna be short.
You're gonna feel
a little pressure.
Any history of sexual abuse?
l defy the cliche.
Have you ever suffered
depression or psychosis?
Let me save you some time.
There's not a blotch
on my medical record.
Look, I know most
of the people in my field
are drug addicts
with daddy issues.
But I'm a nice Jewish
boy from the 'burbs.
I wasn't driven to this.
lchoseit
lbeHeveinit
I actually think it's...
(GROANING)
My arms are killing me.
Looks like tetany.
Your muscles are
contracting.
Need some meperidine in here.
Oh, God.
Jew with megalophallus,
photophobia,
and muscle spasm.
You tell me which
is the most unusual.
Four candidates,
three slots on the team.
Need to know if
you've still got
your diagnostic chops.
I leave this office
by 6:00 every day.
l have my weekends again.
I recognize my wife again.
Yeah, I agree, does sound
pretty dull. No wonder
you want to work for me.
Tox screen was clean,
we ruled out
viral encephalitis.
The only obstacle
to you coming back
is your wife,
which has never been
that much of an
obstacle to you.
(SIGHS)
Maybe you're right.
The only link between eye
and muscle is the brain.
Tumor, seizure...
Taub seems to think
the link has to be
the brain,
but eye and muscle
are governed
by different parts of
the patient's second-favorite
organ, which means it's...
Thailand was wonderful,
thanks for asking.
Of course, yes,
it has to be multi-focal.
l have an interview
with a community health
clinic in two hours.
Backup plan's fine,
but Taub's swinging
for the fences.
| suggest you don't
divide your attention.
Good point.
I won't divide
my attention then.
HOUSE: Taub thinks
it's a brain issue,
Thirteen thinks
it's multi-focal.
FOREMAN:
And neither of them
wants to work here.
Don't take
their word for it.
Taub's problem is his wife,
Thirteen's problem is you,
Chase and Cameron's problem
is the dead African dictator.
None of them
has a problem
with the work.
Cerebral vasculitis
would explain both
the eye and arm findings.
Steroids to treat,
brain angiogram
to confirm,
EMG and a nerve biopsy
while you're at it.
I'll be at lunch.
l'd hire all four,
but a five-person
team seems unwieldy.
Who would you turn down?
I'll have whatever
he's buying.
Two cheeseburgers
and two large fries.
There are a thousand
people in the world who
want to be on your staff,
but you're going after
the four who don't.
They don't because their lives
are irrelevantly and
annoyingly complicated,
which makes them confused,
which makes them
make poor decisions.
And your life is simple?
You went all the way up
to the medical conference
to cozy up to Cuddy.
Instead, she's dating one
of two people in the world
you think of as a friend.
There's no way
that's not devastating.
So I had
an attraction of sorts.
Yeah, the sort in which
your imaginary tryst
landed you in
a mental hospital.
And I got help,
and she got Lucas,
who bought me
a ginger ale.
It's all fine.
Which won't be true
of my department
unless I can figure out
which doctor I'm not hiring.
I suppose throwing yourself
into your work isn't
the worst thing you could do.
What is the worst
thing I could do?
(SIGHS)
House thinks
it's cerebral vasculitis.
If you could just do
the brain angio while
I finish up the blood work...
We're out the door.
He's got me running
every test and
treatment by myself.
Which is why
you should be
out the door, too.
This is completely
unreasonable,
even for House.
You owe me this.
Thank you.
You really believe
this is cerebral vasculitis?
Could be.
(ELEVATOR BELL DINGS)
House wants
to thread a catheter
through his brain,
which could cause
a vasospasm,
give steroids, which
could spread infection
all over the place,
because it could be.
Sounds like House.
It could also be
a severe vitamin D
deficiency.
He has a restrictive diet,
works long hours indoors,
became hypocalcemic,
got tetany and photophobia.
You're saying
I shouldn't do
the angio?
House ordered it,
Foreman wants it,
of course we should do it.
I'm just saying
we're right to leave.
You sure?
Because right now
I'd basically do anything
you asked me.
I'm not interested
in guilting you.
We're moving on.
Right after I take
the patient to the
phototherapy suite,
blast him with
ultraviolet light
and IV vitamins
for his severe
vitamin D deficiency.
Do you guys actually
work together?
We did at first.
But now we like to keep
our films pretty separate.
So, do you
watch her work?
We're both busy
with our own stuff.
Think what you want,
but we're proud
of what we do.
Divorcing sex from
all emotional content?
Emotion is emotional,
sex is mechanical.
There doesn't really
need to be any overlap.
Certainly not
in your world.
We've helped
a lot of couples
by taking sex out of
some deep, dark dungeon.
Do what you want
without some big
moral comeuppance.
You think you can
escape the consequences,
but you can't.
You don't get to make
your own rules and morals.
Well, you're here
to treat him, not
lecture us about our...
Hank, are you all right?
Are you okay?
Just a nosebleed.
Inside his leg?
Petechial hemorrhages.
We were wrong,
so was Foreman.
Patient's blood won't clot.
We're back to square one.
And you're back
in my office. So much
for playing hard to get.
We're just here
to help Foreman.
Is that...
He's not without talent.
(WOMAN MOANING ON SCREEN)
UV rays made the patient's
capillaries more fragile,
hastening the onset of DIC.
Sounds like sepsis...
But isn't.
No sign of shock,
no drop in blood pressure.
Can we turn that off?
Right, because
Cameron thinks
pornography is evil.
I don't care what he does.
I don't care what you watch.
| just think it's annoying
that he pretends
it's some beautiful life
we should all
be aspiring to.
Left shift points
to bacteremia.
No fever, plus it wouldn't
explain the spasmodic
muscle contractions.
The ball-and-chain
smacked you down.
But widespread petechial rash,
nervous system involvement...
It's some kind
of blood infection.
Meningococcemia.
Start the patient
on heparin for the DIC,
broad-spectrum antibiotics
for the meningococcemia.
Dr. Cameron.
Chase is relaxed, at ease,
in lock-step with you again.
I guess he finally told you
that he iced Idi Amin Jr.
Does that mean
he can break the other
nine commandments, too?
Taking the Lord's
name in vain, sure,
but coveting thy
neighbor's wife?
Is she hot?
I've forgiven him.
Not for murder.
Not you.
Doesn't matter
how evil Dibala was.
By every conscience-
hugging, Mother-Teresa-
Ioving bone in your body,
you should be leaving him,
not leaving with him.
I thought your position
was our leaving is a ruse.
We're not talking
about my position,
we're talking about yours,
which doesn't add up.
Here's what doesn't add up.
If you were serious
about staffing your team,
you would know exactly
which three fellows
you wanted.
You plowed ahead with
this case even though
you hadn't hired new fellows
because you knew
Foreman would ask
Chase and me to help,
giving you more time
to blow up our marriage.
But we'd be foolish
not to plan ahead.
A, my firing Chase
was the only reason
you left two years ago.
B, when the full horror
of his homicide hits you,
your marriage will blow up.
And Z, the only
obstacle of you working
here will be gone.
Or maybe I skipped
a couple of letters.
Meningococcemia's spread
person-to-person.
Something you ought
to think about next time
you show up for work.
I'm just telling you what...
You have to lecture me
when she's around, I get it.
But I can tell from all the
questions you ask that you're
more like me than you admit.
I'm a guy, I look around
every once in a while,
but I love my wife.
I love the fact that
she's the only one
that I'm intimate with.
And no part of you wants
to just toss this rulebook
everyone's forced on you?
No part of you
wants a life of
actual commitment?
Is my relationship
perfect? No.
Am I ever horny when
my wife has just had sex
for nine hours? Yes.
But we are committed
to each other in
every way that matters.
In other words,
you're committed,
except when you're
not committed.
Doesn't work so well
if you have a conscience.
Conscience?
You mean that thing
that kicks in
when there's no logical
reason to behave the way
people want you to?
(BEEPING)
What?
You have a fever.
Means the antibiotics
aren't working.
Mr. Takayama?
Yes.
I'm really happy
with what the last guy
did with my eyes,
but why would broad-spectrum
antibiotics fail to work on
meningococcemia?
If you'll excuse me,
I've got a real patient. Mr...
Hitler? Really?
I had to do something to amuse
myself while your receptionist
fought with her boyfriend.
Who's next?
A guy who needs two decades'
worth of corn chips
hoovered out of his neck,
or a guy who can't
stand daylight and
whose blood won't clot.
You do the triage.
Who's the jerk?
Someone with zero chance
of hiring me back.
I told you.
I'm content at
home and at work.
But you're not
content with content.
It's why you got sucked
into those stock scams,
why you cheated
on the wife you love.
At bridge.
My wife and I play
a lot of bridge.
Why you worked on the case
the last time I was here.
I gave you a theory,
just like I'd help a guy
who needs a Heimlich
in a restaurant,
and then I shut
the door behind you.
Yeah. But you'd knock
over three other doctors
to give it to him.
Metaphorically speaking,
you're a Heimlich addict.
And you're an
addiction addict.
Right now, your
drug of choice is
your old team,
and like any addict,
you're trying to solve
some other problem,
and it's not gonna work.
If you'll excuse me,
I have a...
You have a tight schedule
of nose jobs and tummy tucks.
Yes, I do nose jobs,
just like the guy who came
here after a car crash,
couldn't even breathe
through his...
Antibiotics wouldn't work
if his sinuses were infected
and clogged,
if there was a pocket
of bacteria his blood
vessels couldn't reach.
You surgically
drain his sinuses,
the drugs will work.
Nice.
Tell me that
didn't feel good.
See you tomorrow.
Not coming back.
Looks like quite a trip.
It was.
House send you
to talk to me?
No.
Then there's nothing
to talk about. I don't
want to work for him.
You're a great doctor.
House is right to want
you in the mix.
You saying this
because you still
have feelings for me
and you want me
to come back?
I'm saying that
shouldn't be an issue.
Do you have feelings
for me or not?
I don't want our work life
to have anything to do
with our personal life.
You couldn't keep
them separate.
And that's why
our personal life
doesn't exist.
None of that has to...
I can't work with you.
Actually, you can.
I was the one who
had the problem.
I don't any more.
(WHIRRING)
HOUSE: / owe you an apology.
(STAMMERING)
/ was... / was...
What were you
wrong about?
You spent weeks elaborately
concealing the fact that
you’d crashed daddy’s car.
Then you just confessed.
Seemed idiotic,
certain to end in disaster.
Instead, you’re riding off
into the sunset together.
Any theories on why?
I assume you've
already dismissed the
"she loves me" theory?
It’s possible.
It would require
the presupposition
that everything
she's done for
the last six years
has been completely
inconsistent with
her character,
but, yeah,
it's possible.
As we've already
established, it's also
possible that you're wrong.
Or there’s another
explanation.
Since you don’t have one,
I’m gonna keep
looking for you.
Let him drain, then pack it
with anesthetics
and sterile gauze.
Do you have any idea
what's going on with House?
He's trying to get
his old fellows back.
It's called stalking.
I am way too busy
to play officer
of the court.
That's a shame,
since you're the one
who triggered this.
What do you see
in Lucas anyway?
I don't see that
it's any of your business.
Did you think House
wouldn't find out?
You could've
at least told me,
so I wouldn't have
coached him on how to prove
his worthiness to you.
I know you're upset with me
because I didn't choose
to date your best friend,
but I'm living my life.
For the first time.
I'm not gonna change that
because of how it might
affect him, or you.
I feel like crap.
Yeah, look, our relationship
is gonna be about House
or it's gonna be about us.
I vote for it
being about us.
House is gonna make
it about him for us.
This is very insulting.
You're apparently
shocked by this,
which means that you
thought that there was some
way that we could date,
get married, have two kids,
a dog, retire to Florida,
all without House
finding out.
Or you thought that
we wouldn't date
all that long.
The first means
you're delusional,
the second means
I'm delusional.
Technically, it could
also mean you thought
House had matured,
but then we're
back to your being...
(WHISTLES SOFTLY)
Shut up.
You're right.
I'm sorry.
I'm also flattered.
Yeah, 'cause you acted
all cool and everything
with Wilson,
but you feel comfortable
enough with me that
you can freak out.
That's cool.
(LAUGHING)
His sinuses are clear.
The antibiotics
should work this time.
Why did you forgive me?
I mean, I'm glad,
I'm grateful,
but I'm confused.
You've been harder
on the patient than
you've been on me.
The difference between
you and the patient is
that you feel shame, guilt.
That's how I know
we're gonna get
through this.
(HANK GROANING)
My stomach.
It really hurts.
His liver's failing.
His liver's failing and
his abdomen keeps
filling with fluid, so...
It's not meningococcemia.
No matter how much
you finish each
other's sentences,
don't count on being
a diagnostic package deal.
Patient's liver's
not working.
We don't have time
for your little team-stakes.
Sometimes you're just
(STUTTERING) wrong.
Something genetic,
something in his family
history we overlooked?
Plus, every time he had
a bad cough as a kid,
he went to a doctor.
Klatskin tumor,
obstructing his bile ducts?
No jaundice,
wouldn't have
ocular effects.
But if it's inflammation
inside the bile channels,
sclerosing cholangitis.
Could've stopped him
from producing
clotting proteins,
damaged his blood cells,
causing small strokes.
Enough,enoughl
Stop pummeling
Thirteen and Taub.
It fits.
Prep the patient
for an ERCP,
see if there's
any hope of opening
his blocked bile channels.
And tell them to start
looking for a liver donor.
Dr. Chase.
Your turn.
So what did she say?
She forgave me
because I feel guilty.
That works, too.
And now you expect me
to ask you what the
"too" refers to?
Only if you're interested.
Only if you have doubts
about her answer.
She thinks that you
don't have anything
to feel guilty about
because you
didn't kill anybody,
I did.
She blames me
for Dibala's murder,
notyou.
You were barely
involved in that case,
she knows that.
But I created the big,
bad, evil climate that
allowed it to happen.
You're wrong.
Powerful
counter-argument.
Why are you doing this?
Why are you trying
to screw things up?
You got the tense wrong.
Things are already
screwed up.
Which is why you
don't just want to work
for me, you need to.
Cameron thinks
you're my personal
sock puppet.
If you don't stay,
it's gonna be hard
to prove you're not.
I have to go.
Last week, my cane
could only do 10 minutes.
What are you
doing here?
Waiting for you
to take a nap so I can
surge into the lead.
What's the best way to
restore the liver in someone
with sclerosing cholangitis?
Not getting
drawn into this.
You already are.
Because you crashed
my workout?
You're doing core training,
which improves balance,
which staves off
the most debilitating
symptoms of Huntington's.
You've ended your
self-destructive streak.
You want to do
something significant,
something that'll last
longer than the few
years you have left.
My team is your
first, best choice.
And my first choice is
the community health clinic
I interviewed with yesterday.
Absolutely,
you should do that.
Three hours a week,
every doctor should,
because every doctor can.
But you don't want
to be every doctor.
Plus, on my team,
you get to screw
with Foreman.
Every way but literally.
Why are you
doing it this way?
You're pretending
to assume we're
all coming back,
without actually
asking us. Why?
See, this is why
you'd be miserable
wiping noses in a clinic.
You can't ask
because you can't
face the rejection.
Why not?
What's going on?
Are you asking me
to ask you?
I'm saying you shouldn't,
for your sake as well as mine.
We don't know how much
the sclerosing cholangitis
has damaged your liver.
It might be
in a year,
might be in 10,
but the odds are
you're gonna need
a new one.
And you should know,
while no transplant committee
will say this openly,
they'll never grant
an organ to someone
working in your profession.
You're saying
I have to change jobs?
You're medically
advising me
to change jobs?
Hank, if you're too sick...
She wants me to
have some kind of
religious conversion.
She's practically
salivating over it.
I'm just being
candid about...
So you don't think
I'm scum, just some
committee thinks I'm scum?
That your lifestyle
has risks.
You work around more
sick people, and germs,
and blood than I do.
I'm not gonna
live my life afraid
like my parents did.
Barely letting me play
outside and God forbid
that I get a scratch.
I'll talk to him.
He'll calm down and realize
that this is the only way.
No. No, lwon't.
Why does everyone
want to dictate the way
I live my life?
Because the way
we're living it
is gonna kill you.
CHASE: Passing
the pancreatic duct.
Don't listen to House.
You have no idea
what he said.
FOREMAN:
I know that House
is manipulative.
I know that you're
in a vulnerable
state right now.
And I know that Cameron
wants your marriage to work,
so do you.
So don't listen
to House.
House doesn't
make my decisions.
I'm in the common bile duct.
What's that mass?
Gallstone?
Can we magnify times five?
That's not a gallstone.
His liver's completely
filled with worms.
CHASE:
You have strongyloides,
also known as threadworms.
They disseminated
all over your body,
causing all your symptoms.
How'd I get a parasite?
Most likely through
sexual activity,
but we can't be sure.
And what's the treatment?
Two mebendazole pills.
That's it?
You'll be fine.
Your liver, too.
Go back to your lives.
You know this is
the doctors' lounge.
I know.
It seemed like the place
to read doctors' notes.
You are good at it,
by the way.
Why are you
reading my charts?
Because I'm worried
about my girlfriend.
Your girlfriend is
a male porn star?
No, I'm dating Lisa Cuddy.
Seriously?
Cool, huh?
And if House
doesn't have his team,
that'll make her miserable,
which will make
me miserable.
Which brings us to the
fact that you have elevated
noting to an art form.
I see the connection.
Most doctors
write "9:00 am."
if they scrub in at 9:00
or anything near it.
You write "9:03" and you make
little notations when
procedures are delayed.
You're easily impressed.
Well, yeah. lwas.
Until I saw that you had
virtually stopped writing them
about four weeks ago.
Been busy.
Got a backlog.
Yeah, people with your
level of precision don't
really just get backlogs.
No one knows why
you're leaving PPTH.
Because it's personal.
If something happened...
I mean, if you're leaving
to get away from something
that you did, or she did,
or both of you did...
I mean, emotionally, maybe
you want to run away,
but in my experience,
if you're staring
at a pit bull in
some guy's back yard,
you're better off
staying right
where you are.
Face the problem,
that way it can't bite
you in the ass.
Thanks for
the folksy wisdom.
Hey, you got any dirt
on any of the other three?
It'd really help me out.
(MONITORS BEEPING)
I thought you said
those two pills
was all he needed.
Lungs are
filling with fluid.
Suction him and
get him on oxygen.
Patient's lungs are
severely compromised,
liver's still failing.
Worms could easily
have been a coincidence.
Almost be surprising
if he didn't have them.
CHASE: Which means it could
be a hematological problem
plus cardiomyopathy.
No. Neck veins are flat,
precordial exam was normal.
What if it's lymphoma?
Peritoneal carcinomatosis
explains the liver failure,
paraneoplastic syndrome
explains everything else.
Lymphoma it is.
Prep him for chemo.
Fax Taub and Thirteen
the latest update
on the case.
Seriously?
They have as much
right to know as
anyone on the team.
You either like
the diagnosis
or you don't.
If you don't, we need
to keep talking. If you do,
you need to shut up.
What we don't need
is this stupid game.
You're mad at House,
but you're not mad at me.
Do you want me
to be mad at you?
You blame House,
not me.
I'm mad at House
because he's an ass.
And I am mad at you,
but I don't want
to leave you.
What I did may be
the worst thing I ever did,
it may be the best.
I'm either a murderer
or a guy who stopped
a mass murderer.
But I did it. Me.
And even if it destroys me,
I'd do it again today.
You don't mean that.
This isn't you...
I'm not running away from what
I did because you want
to pretend I never did it.
If that's how you feel,
okay.
My strategy is not
completely working.
All four of them
want to work for me,
but all four of them have
reasons why they don't
want to work for me.
How do I get them
to take one from column A
and none from column B?
Right.
Right, by not saying anything,
you're saying that the
answer's inside me?
The answer has nothing
to do with the question.
Then it's not
technically the answer.
Why do you need
three of these doctors?
Because I know they're good.
Other doctors fall into
the might-be-good category.
It has nothing to do
with them being good,
you think they're
idiots half the time.
But they're comfortable.
You feel abandoned by Cuddy,
so you're reaching out
to people you know
for comfort.
Oh, my God, you're right.
I don't need doctors at all.
(MIMICKING CRYING)
I just need a good friend.
Cuddy's right.
Maybe, just maybe,
if I don't play along,
you'll realize
you can't solve
a deeper problem
with a surface solution.
Would've been more profound
if you hadn't said anything.
You okay?
Getting through it.
Be a lot easier
once you two are
away from here.
Yeah.
(GROANS)
He's peeing blood.
(MONITORS BEEPING)
BP's rising.
Heart rate is up to 250.
He's going into
cardiac arrest.
(MONITORS BEEPING RAPIDLY)
Charging. Clear.
He's bleeding out.
His body's
completely giving out.
Charging. Clear.
CAMERON:
We've got him stabilized,
but no red cells,
no white cells,
practically no
platelets either.
Mebendazole can cause
adverse effects,
but nothing like this.
He's been off it
since yesterday anyway.
Long passes,
wild guesses,
anything.
Hypopituitarism?
Could cause
multi-organ failure if...
If his thyroid hormone
wasn't completely normal.
Renal cell carcinoma.
Renal ultrasound was clean.
I'd say aleukemic leukemia,
marrow's not making
enough normal cells, but...
Ablate the patient's
bone marrow,
find him a donor match.
You want to nuke
the patient's marrow?
He had no evidence
of being anemic or
immune-compromised
when he was admitted...
Perfect white count as well.
FOREMAN: Ablation
could kill him,
or leave him defenseless
against an infection
that could.
Then come up with
something better.
(SIGHS)
He may as well die
while we're treating him.
Okay with you if I bring
the other candidates
into the loop now?
(FAX MACHINE BEEPING)
The risks,
they're really minimal.
We'll do a series
of painless injections...
Excuse me.
The whole thing
can be done
as an outpatient.
(FAX MACHINE BEEPING)
You're leaving
at 11:00 am?
Trust me, the case
is almost over.
Foreman told me
you're ablating
the patient's marrow
on a non-theory
that Foreman
himself withdrew.
You're gonna kill
the patient.
Is this about
me and Lucas?
I want alternatives
for the patient.
So do I.
I want to be on the team.
You think
that's gonna save
your marriage?
I don't know.
Four candidates,
three spots.
I got a tough decision
ahead of me.
(PHONE RINGING)
(ANSWERING MACHINE BEEPING)
Hi. Remy, this is Dr. Turner
from the Pennsauken
Free Clinic.
We all loved meeting you,
and the job’s yours.
Call me back,
let’s pick a start date.
I want it to look natural.
I mean, much younger,
but natural.
Or is it better
to leave a trace
of them?
I don't look old enough
to have them anyway, do I?
Absolutely.
I do look old enough?
No.
I'm sorry.
Hang on a second.
Why are you here?
Because I think we're wrong,
which means something's
gonna go wrong.
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Or right.
Takayama here.
It's me and Thirteen,
stop the ablation.
Because”.
TH I RTE E N:
Those threadworms.
Why would his body have
gone to hell just hours
after they were gone?
The worms weren't hurting him,
they were helping him.
He has
extra-intestinal
Crohn's.
He got it from being
raised in too clean,
too overprotective
of an environment.
TH I RTE E N:
It’s the hygiene hypothesis,
why there’s so much
autoimmune disease
in the developed world,
and almost none in
the developing world.
TAUB:
The worms were keeping
the Crohn’s in check,
teaching his immune system
what it should've learned
from eating dirt growing up.
Once you killed them,
it started killing him.
So his life of filth
wasn't the problem,
the clean living was.
We'll start him
on methylprednisolone.
And some helminths.
Worms. Cool, huh?
Best out of three?
(MUSIC PLAYING ON TV)
WOMAN ON TV:
Have you been
a bad boy?
(WOMAN LAUGHING)
Yeah, that’s...
(TV SWITCHES OFF)
I want to be on the team.
Good news for your wife.
Thanks for the sarcasm.
I reorganized my life
to spend more time with her,
but apparently
I don't love her
as much as I thought.
Or you love her more.
This job gives you
the thrill you used to find
through philandering.
Better to cheat with
a beaker and an MRI
than one of your
platinum-blonde
plastic surgery patients.
I'll let you know.
I told House
I want to work
for him again.
Stay on the team.
You were always
more into it than I was,
more interested
in diagnostics.
Unless House was right
about why you want out.
Four for four.
I was in love with you.
I was an idiot.
Tried to be like you,
tried to understand you,
because I thought
I could heal you.
You almost killed
that patient.
If almost not saving
his life means...
You knew the diagnosis
a long time ago.
You risked another
patient's life to bait
your old team.
Another one?
You did kill Dibala.
By playing God
and teaching us
to do the same.
Itaughtyou
to think for
yourselves.
You don't even think
of them as people,
they're just lab rats
for your little puzzles.
You celebrate
their humanity,
I'd rather solve
those little puzzles
and save their lives.
Motives do matter.
Lives can't come second.
The patient is alive.
That's what matters.
Not to you.
All you care about is
that Taub and Thirteen
fell for your game.
You'll poison them
just like you poisoned Chase.
Your husband killed
a patient and you're
breaking up with me?
You ruined him,
so he can't even see
right from wrong,
can't even see the sanctity
of a human life any more.
I loved you,
and I loved Chase.
I'm sorry for you both,
for who you've
become because
there's no way back
for either of you.
(DOOR OPENING)
Any idea where I can get
a great big "Mission
Accomplished" banner?
Got my sanity back,
my license back,
and now...
You're kidding.
All of them?
Three out of four,
which is almost as good
as four out of five.
Who was the...
Cameron.
Wow. I can't believe it.
I mean, really.
I can't believe it.
You were right, House.
Good for you.
Yeah. It is.
She's broken up with Chase,
and she's leaving
the hospital. Still,
three out of four
ain't bad.
(INAUDIBLE)